opt: remove mimetex.cgi logic (#1566)
xiaoyifang/goldendict-ng: website/docs/dictformats.md

### Slob

> GoldenDict can render formulas in TeX format with the built-in web engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GoldenDict can render TeX formulas when a slob dictionary bundles MathJax.
```
Just to be more precise.

All slob dicts with raw TeX comes from here, which bundles mathjax (since 10 years ago 😅 ).
https://github.com/itkach/mw2slob/tree/56da4744af4a6b9099e6bde9bad6cd30ae802226/mwscrape2slob/_MathJax
